0.pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis is an English word that refers to a lung disease caused by inhaling very fine ash and sand dust.
It is the longest word in the English language published in a dictionary, the Oxford English Dictionary.

1.getrusage gets information about resource utilization,in our case it calculates the time passed between 2 instants,in the middle of whom we have done some sort of calculation(like the loading of a dictionary).

2.In a variable of type struct rusage there are 16 members.

3.We pass before and after by reference because the resource usages are returned in the structure pointed to by usage and so we couldn't have passed directly a struct usage but a pointer to it because this functions fills the members of the struct variable with the wanted information.

4.In the main function we have the outmost for loop that gets every
character of the text until the end of it and puts it into the variable c.
After that we need to build an effective word to control if it is misspelled or not,
and to do that we control that there aren't any numbers or characters different
than letters or apostrophes with 2 if statements;we also ignore alphabetical strings too long
to be words.If so occurs we consume the remainder of the string until another word comences.
If we have found a word we add the '\0' character to the end of it to truly make it a word string.

5.We didn't use fscanf because it also accepts numbers as strings and we didn't want that to happen.

6.We declared the parameters for check and load in const because the didn't want the user to be able to modify them.

7.To implement my spell-checker I used a hash table,so I defined a struct called node with a node* called next and
a char word[26] array.

8.The first time I got it correctly my code was 2.37

9.At first I was adding words at the end of each node list but I modified to add each word at the beginning of the list,so my code went
from 2.37 to ~0.37.

10.I hope my code doesn't have any bottleneck.
